It's really nice of you to agree to talk to us, Bernard. I know you're very busy.
I'm very happy to talk to you. I enjoyed my time at school. It was a good school.
It still is. I'm very happy there.
So, you present programs for the school radio station?
Yes. And we want you to tell us about your work as a presenter for a popular radio program.
We want to know how you've become so successful.
Well, to become successful, you need to work hard, you know.
And I've always worked very hard. It's also important to love your job.
And I've loved radio since I was quite young.
How old were you when you decided you wanted to work in radio?
I started presenting music shows for the school radio when I was 15.
I became the youngest presenter of a popular national teenage radio show when I was 17.
And then, when I went to university, I worked on the university radio station in my free time.
After that, it was easy to get a job with a local radio station in a small town.
And after about two years, a national radio station asked me to work for them.
I've worked for them for four years now.
It sounds very easy when you talk about it.
It was quite easy, really.
If you're very interested in something, you usually want to be good at it.
You'll keep on practising and you'll be successful.
Thanks. I'll remember that.